---
layout: ""
page_title: "SAP Commerce Cloud Provider"
description: |-
  The SAP Commerce Cloud Provider provides resources and data sources for interacting with SAP Commerce Cloud API.
---

# SAP Commerce Cloud Provider

!>The provider is still in development and is in `alpha` state. The provider is not ready to be used in production.

The SAP Commerce Cloud Provider provides resources and data sources for interacting with SAP Commerce Cloud API. For more information, check the official API docs [here](https://help.sap.com/viewer/452dcbb0e00f47e88a69cdaeb87a925d/v1905/en-US/66abfe678b55457fab235ce8039dda71.html).

Currently, the provider supports only the following functionalities:
   - Fetching the build details
   - Fetching and Creating deployment


## Authentication

The provider needs the following to authenticate with SAP Commerce Cloud API

- API Token
  The API tokens contain the user credentials that grant you access to Commerce Cloud APIs. Follow the guide [here](https://help.sap.com/viewer/0fa6bcf4736c46f78c248512391eb467/v1905/en-US/b5d4d851cbd54469906a089bb8dd58d8.html) to generate the API token and configure it as below
- Subscription Id
  You can find the subscription code in the Cloud Portal URL. It appears after `subscription/` in the URL.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "sapcc" {
  api_baseurl     = var.base_url        # optional
  auth_token      = var.auth_token      # or export SAPCC_AUTH_TOKEN=..
  subscription_id = var.subscription_id # or export SAPCC_SUBSCRIPTION_ID=..
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **api_baseurl** (String) The base url for SAP Commerce Cloud API. Default: `https://portalrotapi.hana.ondemand.com/v2/subscriptions`
- **auth_token** (String, Sensitive) The API token that grant you access to Commerce Cloud APIs. Can be specified with the `SAPCC_AUTH_TOKEN` environment variable.
- **subscription_id** (String) The Subscription Id associated with the SAP Commerce Cloud. Can be specified with the `SAPCC_SUBSCRIPTION_ID` environment variable.